[lp_intro]Update lp (#531)
QuantEcon/lecture-python-intro: lectures/lp_intro.md

The following graph illustrates the firm's constraints and iso-revenue lines.

> Iso-revenue lines show all the combinations of materials and labor producing the same revenue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Iso-revenue lines show all the combinations of materials and labor that produce the same revenue.
```
